Node-RED, the well-known low-code development tool from the OpenJS Foundation,
supports the Web of Things Thing Description
as part of the Node Generator project to simplify the development of Node-RED nodes.
In this demo, we'll show you how to automatically populate Things in the Node-RED's editor screen.
This is a Node-RED editor.
With Node-RED, you can create applications by connecting boxes, called 'nodes'.
Let's import a Thing into the palette on the left side.
To import a Thing, use the palette manager.
On this screen, you can see a list of all the Things you've discovered.
There are currently two Things.
As you update, you will find more new Things.
You can enter keywords to narrow down the types of Things you want to add to your palette.
If you type "coffee", you'll see that there are two coffee machines.
Let's try installing one of them.
After the installation is complete, you will see a node on the left side of the palette.
Let's take a look at the state of the coffee machine using this node.
Select a node from the palette and incorporate it into the flow.
Double-click on the node to bring up the configuration screen.
Here you can configure the interaction to the Thing when it receives a message.
You can get the state of the coffee machine by selecting 'Property', 'state', and 'Read'.
Now, let's try out the completed flow.
Press the 'deploy' button to start running it.
You can access the Thing and get its state by sending a message to the Thing's nodes.
If you go back to the palette management interface again, ...
... this time you can see the 20 Things.
You can enter a variety of keywords to search for even more new Things.
In this way, you can easily create IoT applications by using Node-RED to import real-world 'Things' described in Thing Descriptions and stitch them together.